SEEPIKA KANSAL
I - 504, Bestech Parkview Ananda, Sector 81, Gurgaon, 122001
Email: kansalseepika89@gmail.com, Mobile: 8954249152


Seeking a challenging position in a reputed organisation where I can learn new skills, expand my knowledge, and leverage my learnings. To get an opportunity where I can make the best of my potential and contribute to the organisation's growth. I have 3+ years of work experience in the field Web Design, Development. 

Career Gap:
I resigned from my previous job because of some incidents that happened in life at that time. 
But now I want to give a fresh start to my Career. I have been studying frontend development for the last few months. I am ready to start a job as a fresher also. I am fully available to work now and in the future. So I’ve begun job searching and I’m focused on finding a frontend developer position that will help me advance my career further now.

SKILLS
Ability to cope with changing environment, eager to learn
Workload and time management
Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, Javascript
Knowledge of Frontend Framework: Angular
Web Development Tool: Adobe Dreamweaver
CMS: Wordpress
Code Editor Tools: Sublime Text, Visualcode Studio
Design Tool:Photoshop
WORK EXPERIENCE

Undertaking bootcamp training on Frontend Development, Udemy 
Worked as a volunteer web Designer, Library, London (April 2018 - July 2019)
Worked as a Volunteer part time Customer Assistant in Tesco, London

Content Uploader / Web Designer
Myntra Designs Pvt Ltd (Feb 2015– Dec 2015)

Tools – Wordpress, Sublime Text, VS Code, Html, CSS, Javascript
Responsibilities included - 
Implemented Html5, CSS3 file on Sublime Text, Visual Studio Code and WordPress 
Created search pages, curated pages, tags, and banners and updated on Myntra home page.
Fixed app UI defects and released weekly
Played the role of a manual tester to test the app 
Edited the Blocked posts and static posts for making posts on Polls
Performed scheduled maintenance tasks

Web Designer
Advent Infosoft Pvt Ltd, Noida (Jan 2012 – Oct 2014)

Tools-  DreamWeaver, Html, CSS, Javascript, Adobe Photoshop
Responsibilities included - 
Designed the layout, UI while improving customer experience and accessibility
Developed websites in HTML, JS and skinned using CSS in Adobe Dreamweaver
Constantly reviewed the website features and suggested website improvement ideas and add them to the backlog
Created documents to describe how website features work, helping developers 

EDUCATION

Master of  Computer Application (MCA)
Uttar Pradesh Technical University, India, 2011

Bachelors of  Computer Science (B.Sc)
CCS University, India, 2008


